Big documentation update (#319)
CSSUoB/TeX-Bot-Py-V2: TERMINOLOGY.md

### [Slash Commands](https://discord.com/developers/docs/interactions/application-commands#slash-commands)

Slash commands, also known as `CHAT_INPUT` commands are executed via sending a chat message and are made up of a name, description and a set of options. These can be defined using the `discord.slash_command` decorator as follows:
```python
@discord.slash_command(
    name="command-name",
    description="a description of what the command does",
)
async def command_name(self, ctx: TeXBotApplicationContext):
    """Doc string goes here."""
    pass # command functions go here
```

For more example usages, check the [Guides](CONTRIBUTING#Guides) section of the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) doc.

### Context Commands

#### [Message Commands](https://discord.com/developers/docs/interactions/application-commands#message-commands)

> Message commands, also known as `Message-Context Commands`, are executed via right-clicking on a [Message](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/message), clicking "Apps", then selecting the command from the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Message-context commands, are executed via right-clicking on a [Discord *Message*](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/message), clicking "Apps", then selecting the command from the menu. The interaction callback method is provided information about which message was clicked, along with which user clicked it.
```
